//Below is the detailed data base we might need for the console to produce


//Locations

The capital City: 
Ti King/Ti City -帝京/帝都- The cultural and political center of Chiu.

States/Province:
Yan Province -燕- The Province surrounding Ti King, located in the North East Chiu, where Liang Gang and Xing An is.
Cunnan Province -江南- Located in the South East Chiu, where Motu is.
Shiu Province -蜀- Located in the Central Chiu, where Wutu and Footu is
Min Province -闽- Located in the South Chiu, where Chitu, Yawtu, and Kong Town is.
Dian Province -滇- Located in the South West Chiu, where Fatu and Bian Chui is.
Sippeh Region -疆- The mountains and deserts in the North West Chiu, as a natural barrier of the borderland. 

Major Cities:
Motu -魔- The most international City of Chiu, heart of economy and diplomatic.
Wutu -雾- Economic and tech Center in the Central Chiu.
Chitu -雌- A young city, with rapid growth of economics and technology.
Yawtu -妖- Cultural center, the oldest sea port city in the South.
Footu -府- Culture and industrial center in the central Chiu. aka city of food and foot massage.
Fatu -花- Land port city in the South East. A city of flower and forest. 

Harbor Cities:
Kong Town -港城- The Economic center in the South.
Liang Gang -梁(两)港- The region where two mega industrial harbor cities connect.

Borderland Cities:
Bian Chui -边陲- The North West port city, dry, windy, and hot.
Xing An -兴安- The North East port city, Super cold, always covered with snow.

//Governent Agencies
MSS -国安- Ministry of State Security
Judicial Enforcer -警察- The Police of Chiu
ICA -口岸- Immigration and Checkpoints Authority, is the border control agency of Chiu
BT -边防- Border Troops, is the military force guarding borderland.

//Government Administrative Levels
Central

Province
Province Governor 

City
Mayor

County
County Magistrate

Town
Township Director




//Customs:
Bian Chui
Xing An
Yawtu
Fatu

//Personnel
Xiao Wang, LcThe Committee of Harmony
Yao Bang, The Committee of Harmony